= DESCRIPTION:

Configure and install jmxtrans.

= REQUIREMENTS:

This template was abstracted from a recipe with a lot of environment specific configuration (installing jmxtrans for an RPM, etc).  It will require some modifications to become a working cookbook.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* jmxtrans.basedir - Base folder for jmxtrans.
* jmxtrans.config_dir - Base folder for jmxtrans configuration files.

= USAGE:

This cookbook is based off of the collectd cookbook.  Defining a new JMX query is done like:

```ruby
include_recipe "jmxtrans"

jmxtrans_query "heap" do
  options :obj => "java.lang:type=Memory", :attrs => [ "HeapMemoryUsage", "NonHeapMemoryUsage" ], jmx_port => "9902"
end
```

The default jmxtrans_query definition is currently hard coded to use a jmxtrans configuration that writes data to carbon.  It will search for a server with the graphite role in order to write output.

= LICENSE & AUTHOR:

Author:: Eric Hauser (<ewhauser@gmail.com>
Copyright:: 2011, Eric Hauser

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
